Baby
Dad should know you exist
But I'm really scared
Mr. Lu, our legal team has contacted
Tie into a fourth lady
But the fourth lady refused to cooperate
Said he wouldn't accept your help even if he was in prison
Humph
Then leave him alone.
Just let him do it. OK.
That lady
Please!
Let them talk to Si Yingjie
His sister can't figure it out
He should always be clear
Do you continue to take antes?
The current bleeding situation has basically stabilized
Your child is inherently fragile
Before this child is born
You don't want any married life
Next time
1.6 What about your husband?
Is he here yet?
Then please tell him.
Before the baby is born
Let him bear with it for a while
Mrs. Zhao, please go back to your hometown
What are you doing there?
Have a seat.
Have you been married to Shizuike for 3 years in the future?
It will be three years on the 28th of this month.
The 28th, next week.
Is there something wrong with calling me back?
Next week on the 28th.
You and Shizuchi are going to go through the divorce formalities, right?